all right so someone asked me how the
decomp works the decomp lever only needs
to press down about two inches or so if
you push it too far you can damage the
ball joint here in order to crack the
valves you really only need about that
much movement and you really want to
adjust the linkage so that you take up
just the right amount of slack right
before it cracks the valves open so a
rest position it's it's it's firm so
that the rod doesn't rattle but then
when you go to start it up you only have
to push it a couple inches to crack
these valves and of course you push it
down start the bike at the same time
lift it up obviously the bike won't
start with the lever down because it
opens the valves that's the whole point
of it so that we don't ruin the starter
you could never use the thing at all
even once and be fine you'll just wear
your battery and your starter out faster
it's just to ease the starting procedure
so that the motor can get spinning
before the actual motor turns over so
that's it can do a close-up shot of how
that looks
lever mouth on the in body goes up ya
coupler with this family smaller rod
that's bent to the original bracket on
the engine
by the way this is our Nick red color
that we offer